API documentation guideline (#615)
Qiskit/qiskit-experiments: CONTRIBUTING.md

   
   # section: fit_parameters
       Optional. Description for fit parametres in the model.
       You can also write how initial guess is generated and how fit bound is determined.
       
       defpar a:
           desc: Amplitude.
           init_guess: This is how :math:`a` is generated. No line feed.
           bounds: [-1, 1]
       
       defpar b:
           desc: Offset.
           init_guess: This is how :math:`b` is generated. No line feed.
           bounds: (0, 1]
        
       The defpar syntax is parsed and formatted nicely.
   """
```

You also need to provide description for analysis class options in `_default_options` method.

```buildoutcfg
    """Default analysis options.
    
    Analysis Options:
        opt1 (int): Description of opt1.
        opt2 (float): Description of opt2.
        opt3 (List[SomeClass]): Description of opt3.
    """
```

This is the same syntax with experiment options in the experiment class.
Note that header should be named `Analysis Options` to be parsed correctly.

#### Rendering

After you complete documentation of your classes, you must add documentation to the toctree 
so that it can be rendered as the API documentation.

> In Qiskit Experiments, we have different table of containts per 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Qiskit Experiments, we have different tables of contents per 
```
